README.md, before:

# SweetCurtain
A framework that provides CurtainController. CurtainController is a container view controller that implements a content-curtain interface. 

[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-ios-blue.svg?style=flat%20)](https://developer.apple.com/iphone/index.action)
[![Swift 5.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.1-orange.svg?style=flat)](https://developer.apple.com/swift/) 

## Overview
A SweetCurtain framework provides a curtain controller.
A Curtain Controller is a container view controller that manages two child view controllers in a content-curtain interface. In this type of interface, the primary view controller (the content) is covered with the secondary view controller (the curtain).

When building your app’s user interface, the curtain controller is typically the root view controller of your app’s window, but it may be embedded in another view controller. The curtain controller has no significant appearance of its own. Most of its appearance is defined by the child view controllers you install. You can configure the child view controllers using Interface Builder or programmatically using the init(content: curtain:) initializer. The child view controllers can be custom view controllers or other container view controller, such as navigation controllers.

> **Note**: You can push a curtain controller onto a navigation stack. Also, its children can be contained in the navigation controller or tab bar controller.  But remember that curtain always covers the content. For example, if the content embed in the navigation controller, the curtain will cover the navigation bar too.

When displayed onscreen, the curtain controller works with its Delegation objects to manage the content changes and to messaging of its curtain changes.
Also, the curtain controller provides the curtain object to manage the curtain's properties.

## Features
- Coefficient oriented metrics.
- Friendly content changes mechanism.
- Works with storyboard and code.
- So easy to setup and use.
- Compatible with safe area.
- Compatible with scroll view.
- Compatible with horizontal scroll or swipe.
- Designed by the principle of iOS UI components.

## Usage

### Setup using storyboard
1. Create a View Controller and set the Class to be CurtainController in the Identity Inspector.

![](https://ihor.pro/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Screenshot-2020-01-03-at-22.37.43-1.png)

2. Create two other view controllers you want. The one will be a Content and another one will be a Curtain.

![](https://ihor.pro/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Screenshot-2020-01-03-at-22.50.43.png)

3. Connect your CurtainController to your new view controllers with the Curtain Connection Segue.

![](https://ihor.pro/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Screenshot-2020-01-03-at-22.58.58.png)

4. Choose the Curtain Connection Segue of your Content View Controller and type **ContentID** as it's identifier in the Identity Inspector.

![](https://ihor.pro/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Screenshot-2020-01-03-at-23.03.00.png)

5. Choose the Curtain Connection Segue of your Curtain View Controller and type **CurtainID** as it's identifier in the Identity Inspector.

![](https://ihor.pro/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Screenshot-2020-01-03-at-23.03.20.png)

You all set!

> **Note**: Double-check your segues and segue IDs. This is important for the right setup of the flow.

### Setup using code

1. Create a two view controllers you want for using them as Content and Curtain.

```swift
//Also, you can instantiate your controllers from storyboard if you want it.
let contentViewController = IceCreamDetailViewController()
let curtainViewController = IceCreamListViewController()
```

2. Create a CurtainController using two controllers that you created in the previous step.

```swift
let curtainController = CurtainController(content: contentViewController, curtain: curtainViewController)
```

3. Show the curtainController where and when you want.

```swift
show(curtainController, sender: nil)
```

You all set!

## Setup the Curtain properties

The Curtain is the object of Curtain Controller that provides a couple of properties for behavior and view customization. But Curtain is not the view. The Сurtain is the abstract object represented by protocol with properties that Curtain Controller uses for its purposes. Simply put, the Curtain designed to reduce confusion and delimit settings duty in the controller.

Commit message:

[update] curtain properties table in description

README.md, after:

# SweetCurtain
A framework that provides CurtainController. CurtainController is a container view controller that implements a content-curtain interface. 

[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-ios-blue.svg?style=flat%20)](https://developer.apple.com/iphone/index.action)
[![Swift 5.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.1-orange.svg?style=flat)](https://developer.apple.com/swift/) 

## Overview
A SweetCurtain framework provides a curtain controller.
A Curtain Controller is a container view controller that manages two child view controllers in a content-curtain interface. In this type of interface, the primary view controller (the content) is covered with the secondary view controller (the curtain).

When building your app’s user interface, the curtain controller is typically the root view controller of your app’s window, but it may be embedded in another view controller. The curtain controller has no significant appearance of its own. Most of its appearance is defined by the child view controllers you install. You can configure the child view controllers using Interface Builder or programmatically using the init(content: curtain:) initializer. The child view controllers can be custom view controllers or other container view controller, such as navigation controllers.

> **Note**: You can push a curtain controller onto a navigation stack. Also, its children can be contained in the navigation controller or tab bar controller.  But remember that curtain always covers the content. For example, if the content embed in the navigation controller, the curtain will cover the navigation bar too.

When displayed onscreen, the curtain controller works with its Delegation objects to manage the content changes and to messaging of its curtain changes.
Also, the curtain controller provides the curtain object to manage the curtain's properties.

## Features
- Coefficient oriented metrics.
- Friendly content changes mechanism.
- Works with storyboard and code.
- So easy to setup and use.
- Compatible with safe area.
- Compatible with scroll view.
- Compatible with horizontal scroll or swipe.
- Designed by the principle of iOS UI components.

## Usage

### Setup using storyboard
1. Create a View Controller and set the Class to be CurtainController in the Identity Inspector.

![](https://ihor.pro/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Screenshot-2020-01-03-at-22.37.43-1.png)

2. Create two other view controllers you want. The one will be a Content and another one will be a Curtain.

![](https://ihor.pro/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Screenshot-2020-01-03-at-22.50.43.png)

3. Connect your CurtainController to your new view controllers with the Curtain Connection Segue.

![](https://ihor.pro/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Screenshot-2020-01-03-at-22.58.58.png)

4. Choose the Curtain Connection Segue of your Content View Controller and type **ContentID** as it's identifier in the Identity Inspector.

![](https://ihor.pro/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Screenshot-2020-01-03-at-23.03.00.png)

5. Choose the Curtain Connection Segue of your Curtain View Controller and type **CurtainID** as it's identifier in the Identity Inspector.

![](https://ihor.pro/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Screenshot-2020-01-03-at-23.03.20.png)

You all set!

> **Note**: Double-check your segues and segue IDs. This is important for the right setup of the flow.

### Setup using code

1. Create a two view controllers you want for using them as Content and Curtain.

```swift
//Also, you can instantiate your controllers from storyboard if you want it.
let contentViewController = IceCreamDetailViewController()
let curtainViewController = IceCreamListViewController()
```

2. Create a CurtainController using two controllers that you created in the previous step.

```swift
let curtainController = CurtainController(content: contentViewController, curtain: curtainViewController)
```

3. Show the curtainController where and when you want.

```swift
show(curtainController, sender: nil)
```

You all set!

## Curtain properties

The Curtain is the object of Curtain Controller that provides a couple of properties for behavior and view customization. But Curtain is not the view. The Сurtain is the abstract object represented by protocol with properties that Curtain Controller uses for its purposes. Simply put, the Curtain designed to reduce confusion and delimit settings duty in the controller.

| Property | Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `minHeightCoefficient` | [CGFloat](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coregraphics/cgfloat) | The minimum value that describes the ratio of the curtain minimum permissible height to the height of the content. |
| `midHeightCoefficient` | [CGFloat?](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coregraphics/cgfloat) | The intermediate value that describes the ratio of the curtain intermediate permissible height to the height of the content. |
| `maxHeightCoefficient` | [CGFloat](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coregraphics/cgfloat) | The maximum value that describes the ratio of the curtain maximum permissible height to the height of the content. |
| `swipeResistance` | CurtainSwipeResistance | The swipe resistance of the curtain. |
| `movingDuration` | [TimeInterval](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/timeinterval) | The time in seconds for reaching curtain to the nearest point. |
| `topBounce` | [Bool](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/bool) | The boolean value that controls whether the curtain bounces past the top. |
| `bottomBounce` | [Bool](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/bool) | The boolean value that controls whether the curtain bounces past the bottom. |
| `showsHandleIndicator` | [Bool](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/bool) | The boolean that controls whether the curtain shows top handle indicator. |
| `handleIndicatorColor` | [UIColor](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uicolor) | The color of the curtain's handle indicator. |
| `heightCoefficient` | [CGFloat](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coregraphics/cgfloat) | The current readonly value that describes the ratio of the curtain actual height to the height of the content. |
| `actualHeight` | [CGFloat](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/coregraphics/cgfloat) | The current readonly value that describes the curtain actual height. |
